---
layout: post
title: "Day 12"
date: 2026-06-10
permalink: /day12.html
tags: ["Final literature session","Housing information"]

what_i_learned: |
  The day started with our breakout room session. My team and I went over LabelMe, after that we coded for a long time where we went over installing Ultralytics, using YOLO, and working with our dataset that we got from Kaggle. We used Google Colab for the session and it was pretty educative. I learned how to work with folders directly on Colab, and perform YOLO operations on them. I also learned about different processors, terminologies, and code snippets used in model training. After that, I walked through what I did with my team for clearer understanding and asked clarifying questions like why we use a YAML file and not an MD or TXT file. After that we had our final literature review session. I learned a lot from the session as usual. Things like why we read from top left to bottom right by default for English, and Arabic and Hebrew read from top right to bottom left, and how this influences a lot of design decisions depending on the target audience, location and culture. After that we went for our break, after which we went to the main room. In the main room we had a fun task of asking ChatGPT to generate a picture of who we are and our personality based off the information it had about us. Lots of people shared their output and it was an interesting session and a way to take our heads off the research for a bit. We then went to our breakout room afterwards. In the breakout room, we completed our tasks from earlier using LabelMe, Kaggle, YOLO, and Google Colab. It was a project labelling ships and we were also able to determine confidence level and classify or display objects in the bounding boxes based on the threshold we have. After that we read literature a bit, and I connected more with my peers. We had a quick discussion about our hobbies and we had a bit of a chat and it was so nice getting to know them better. The day ended with me accomplishing my project. After that we went into the housing meeting where we took a dorm tour, and Dr. Mack clarified questions, and we were given the expected housing options for the program. We also got to know who our roommate is and when they will be arriving. Looking forward to tomorrow!




blockers: |
  No blockers!

reflection: |
  It was an educative and collaborative day overall. I got to work with LabelMe on a real dataset we labelled after installing it from Kaggle. I also got the housing expectations and found out who my roommate is.